After we have been working so hard on our project we definitely want to host it online so the rest of
the world can see.
And while there's definitely many many possible options I chose to use that voice because I like the
fact that first of all is free so we can use it for free and we don't have to pay anything so I don't
have to tell you to sign up for something and start paying or leaving your credit card information as
well as I find it hassle free.
Meaning that is really easy to set it up and they provide you a lot of help.
So if you get stuck you can always solve your problem and for days again you're just going to have to
sign up with your email.
Now you have an option obviously if you're using GitHub you can sign up with your GitHub or currently
I don't know how many of you right now have to get up.
So I would suggest if you don't know.
Get help if you haven't used the getup.
Just use your email.
And again this is just gonna be as simple as just filling out the form.
Hey this is my name.
This is my password.
And sign up and you're going to be good to go.
Now the moment you're gonna be signing up then you're going to be met by the screen.
Obviously you're not gonna have any kind of pages since I have right now currently few that I have used
or already these different courses.
How are you gonna get the screen.
Basically we're all going to have two options.
One side from get which we're gonna see later on with different projects.
However we also have this drag and drop and this is something that we're going to use right now.
And this is why I'm saying that this is gonna be so easy.
So the only thing we're gonna be doing here is just dragon dropping your folder there and this is gonna
be uploading and you can see right away that the notify is going to start building our site and within
seconds our site is gonna be alive.
One thing you might find a little bit confusing or annoying is the fact that this is gonna have this
you are all romantics once and a meaning they're all gonna change it each and every time so you'll probably
have a different one or you do have an option of going and changing and if you click on site then you
have change site name and then we can just change it to whatever you'd like as long as we're just using
their free service.
If we don't have our own you URL then obviously they we're gonna have this notify dot com.
Well let's say for us I'm just gonna say to well let me write the email CSX the station.
Obviously you can name yours how you like but just understand that some names can be already taken Station
project and I'm just gonna go with very long one for sure so there's no other name for it.
Recording re coding so they shouldn't give me my URL then I'm gonna save it and as I have her over back
I'm gonna say that this is gonna be my form and as you can see right now this is our Web site and this
is obviously being watched live.
Now one thing I do want to mention since we're using the form we're going to have to again activate
it one more time.
So let's say here I was working with John because when we activate locally there was one thing but again
we're going to have to do the same thing as our site is live on the net file that com let's say again
email dot com or you know what let's write Bob otherwise you're gonna think or Peter.
Otherwise you're gonna think that I'm using the same things and actually this is not true.
So email dot com I'm gonna say hello.
They're wonderful people.
And then we're gonna click it send.
And again this is gonna do the same thing where it says well your form needs an activation.
So we're gonna wait again in the mailbox for the form then we can activate it.
And then everything is going to be working fine.
Then we can go back and the moment we're gonna head over back to our site.
What do we have in our mailbox.
We have a message from Peter.
Email Email dot com.
And hello.
They're wonderful people.
So awesome guys.
We build our first site we published it online.
So why don't we keep on rolling.
And look at the different things from CSX and how we can build interesting projects using that knowledge.